README.md, before:

# ashesrobot

The Bot can only change the title or category of my stream for now.

## Documentation

This command returns the link to this Github page.

`!commands`

Those are all the main commands which are enabled in every channel.

### Moderator only Commands

Add, edit and delete (as long as they exist in the specific channel) commands with simple text responses.

`!addcmd <commandname> <response>`

`!editcmd <commandname> <newresponse>`

`!delcmd <commandname>`

### Main Bot Commands

The list of commands for every user with their inputs and cooldowns.

### ChatGPT

Give ChatGPT a specific prompt (can be a sentence too) or ask a question for example (5 minute cooldown per user)

`!chatgpt <prompt>`

### Hangman

Hangman Minigame (5 minute cooldown between each hangman game)

* `!hangman`
  
  starts the mingame

* `!guess <guess>`
  
  for guessing a letter or the full name

### Slots

Emote Slots Minigame (60 second cooldown per user) 

`!slots`

### Metronome

Guess a random Gen 1 Pokemon Move (30 second cooldown per user)

`!metronome <move>`

### Randmon

Guess a random Gen 1 Pokemon (30 second cooldown per user) 

`!randmon <mon>`

### Randrunner

Get a random runner name (30 second cooldown per user)

`!randrunner`

### Roll

Guess a random number between 1-4096 (30 second cooldown per user)

`!roll <1-4096>`

### Define

Get the definition from Urban Dictionary (30 second cooldown per user)

`!define <word>`

### Randomfact

Get a random fact (30 second cooldown per user)

`!randomfact`

### Weather

Get the current weather for x city (30 second cooldown per user) 

`!weather <city>`

### Flail

Flail Calculator for Gen 1-4

`!flail <current max hp>`

Commit message:

added permission module/function for all db commands

README.md, after:

# ashesrobot

The Bot can only change the title or category of my stream for now.

## Documentation

This command returns the link to this Github page.

`!commands`

Those are all the main commands which are enabled in every channel.

### Moderator only Commands

Add, edit and delete (as long as they exist in the specific channel) commands with simple text responses.

`!addcmd <commandname> <response>`

`!editcmd <commandname> <newresponse>`

`!delcmd <commandname>`

### Database

This command lists all commands which are added to the database for the specific channel it gets used in.

`!cmds`

### Main Bot Commands

The list of commands for every user with their inputs and cooldowns.

### ChatGPT

Give ChatGPT a specific prompt (can be a sentence too) or ask a question for example (5 minute cooldown per user)

`!chatgpt <prompt>`

### Hangman

Hangman Minigame (5 minute cooldown between each hangman game)

* `!hangman`
  
  starts the mingame

* `!guess <guess>`
  
  for guessing a letter or the full name

### Slots

Emote Slots Minigame (60 second cooldown per user) 

`!slots`

### Metronome

Guess a random Gen 1 Pokemon Move (30 second cooldown per user)

`!metronome <move>`

### Randmon

Guess a random Gen 1 Pokemon (30 second cooldown per user) 

`!randmon <mon>`

### Randrunner

Get a random runner name (30 second cooldown per user)

`!randrunner`

### Roll

Guess a random number between 1-4096 (30 second cooldown per user)

`!roll <1-4096>`

### Define

Get the definition from Urban Dictionary (30 second cooldown per user)

`!define <word>`

### Randomfact

Get a random fact (30 second cooldown per user)

`!randomfact`

### Weather

Get the current weather for x city (30 second cooldown per user) 

`!weather <city>`

### Flail

Flail Calculator for Gen 1-4

`!flail <current max hp>`
